#summary An overview of the design

= Parts =

There are two essential parts of the project,
differing in how they are deployed and because of that they have
completely separate requirements.
  * [[Server side tools]]
  * [[Application]]

== Server side tools ==

The Server side tools run, together with the BOINC server on the CentralHost to
  * Prepare work packages
  * Accept and take care of changes in configuration, new [OpenSourceProject]s
  * Handle result from application
  * Present the result
  * Do configuration of an OpenSourceProject

Essentially these are deployed only once.

The presentation of results and the configuration of projects uses
the boinc server web pages.
Including:
  * Base url
  * Web server configuration
  * php include files
  * Database (new tables for the scospub-level results)

The presentation of results is in the html/scospres
both in the scospub project and in the installed
boinc server web pages.
It is /scospres in the URL.

The project configuration files are in html/scosconf.
/scosconf in the URL.

== Application ==

The Application is a BOINC application.
It is downloaded from the server and run on each ClientHost.

These could exist for several combinations of OS and CPU according to the BOINC
handling of different system types.

The requirements are:
  * Simple, straight-forward.
  * Linked with the BOINC library and implementing the BOINC API.

The first attempt was with running the wrapper application and just generating
a job.xml file containing commands.
This didn't work very well during the development of the other parts since a small error in the script made a command fail and then the wrapper restarted this command indefinately.
If there is some problem for the client, downloading from the repository or running the tool, it would be better if the client fails completely.
Another problem was that extra "tools" had to be distributed to start svn and java.

For this reason the next step would be to rewrite the application to a specific scospub application that solves this.
It knows the concept of repositories (subversion and whatever), starts the correct application and handles problems in a smart way.
It could also be easily augmented to do some basic security checks on the invoked programs.

== File/Project layout ==

Configuring the clients, alternative 1:

From the SCOSPUB perspective it is the tool that is important and
not what OS project it is applied to.
This means that from the CheckHost and CheckHost administrators
perspective, he configures firstly what tools he would like to run
and then (if possible) what OpenSourceProject he wants to contribute
to.

Configuring the clients, alternative 2:

Every OpenSourceProject has its own application with tools provided
according to its configuration.

We work with alternative 1. It seems to fit better with the large-files
that would be the tools.
This also means that we can install application and tools directly from
Makefiles in the scosconf project.

In the projects/<WHATEVER> directory on the CentralHost
the following files are installed by make in the scospub project:

  apps/scospub/scospub_<VERSION>_<PLATFORM>/scospub_<VERSION>_<PLATFORM>
  (
  apps/wrapper/wrapper_<VERSION>_<PLATFORM>/wrapper_<VERSION>_<PLATFORM>
  apps/wrapper/wrapper_<VERSION>_<PLATFORM>/java=java_<VERSION>_<PLATFORM>
  apps/wrapper/wrapper_<VERSION>_<PLATFORM>/svn=svn_<VERSION>_<PLATFORM>
  )

All tools are run from scospub application.

Templates are simplified.

The following templates are installed:

  templates/scospub0_wu
  templates/scospub0_result
  templates/scospub1_wu
  templates/scospub1_result

where the number in the name reflects how many input files except for
job.xml that are provided and how many output files that are handled.

The job.xml is generated separate for every job
depending on the configurations of the project done 
by the [OpenSourceProjectAdministator]s
using the web interface.

In order not to affect the normal boinc handling of files,
we have a work directory where checked out files reside.
The layout is:
  /tmp/scospub/<OSPROJ>/repos/<configured paths>

All instances of applications from the same <OSPROJ> share the same
directory so
some locking or other protection mechanism
is needed to allow
multiple boinc clients.

== The database ==

=== Table scos_project: Project information ===
One line per project.
Active controls if the project should be built or not.

Project 1 is a dummy template project.

=== Table scos_tool: References to tools ===
Immutable fields:
  Connection to project,
  Toolname,
  Config.
Active=true signify the current configuration for a project.
Active=false signify historic information only available for reference.

Templates for allowed tools are entered with connection to project as 1.
Active then means available or not.

=== Table scos_source: References to source tree paths ===
All fields immutable except active.
Active=true signify the current configuration for a project.
Active=false signify historic information only available for reference.

=== Table scos_result ===
One row for each reported result.
Each result references a tool (active or passive).

Each result references one or more sources tree paths and contains their
version/date using a scos_result_source_reference table.

= Other ideas =

We should strive to create as small work packages as possible.